---
order: 1
layout: legal
title: Legal texts
metadescripcion: Textos legales Candidatura de Ribeira Sacra Paisaje del Agua a la Lista del Patrimonio Mundial
---

## General information

These provisions regulate the use of the digital Form service (hereinafter, the "Form") that the _Xunta de Galicia_ makes available to Internet users.

The _Xunta de Galicia_ is the holder of the domain "ribeirasacrapaisaxedaauga.gal" and of the different elements included in it.

The content provided through this Form is issued for information purposes only and does not replace the publication of the provisions and acts that have to be formally published in official gazettes. Although every effort will be made to ensure that the information contained herein is accurate and up to date, the _Xunta de Galicia_ does not guarantee the absence of errors in the content of this Form, nor that it is totally up to date.

The _Xunta de Galicia_ is not responsible for any damages that may be caused by the illegitimate or inappropriate use of the tools and information contained in the Form with the exception of any actions resulting from the application of the legal provisions to which it is subject in the strict exercise of its powers.

The _Xunta de Galicia_ does not assume any responsibility derived from the connection or contents of the links to external pages over which it has no control, and the user of this Form must, in any case, abide by the specific conditions of use of these links.

The _Xunta de Galicia_ reserves the right to carry out modifications and updates on the information contained or in its configuration or presentation at any time and without prior notice.

<br>

##Intellectual and industrial property

The intellectual property rights of this website and its contents are owned by the General Administration and the autonomous public sector of Galicia.

The information available on this Form, unless expressly indicated to the contrary, may be reused, and may be reproduced, modified, distributed and communicated, in whole or in part, for commercial and non-commercial purposes, subject to the following conditions:

Any distortion of the content of the information is prohibited under any circumstances.
The user is obliged to cite the source of the documents to be re-used.
This licence does not reduce or restrict the exclusive rights of the owner of intellectual property rights, such as the design of the Form and source codes, trademarks, trade names, logos or distinctive signs, in accordance with the Copyright Law or any other applicable laws.

<br>

## Privacy

By browsing the Website, you give your consent to receive the cookies used by the Form, which are not under any circumstances used to collect personal information. They are of two types:

Own cookies: these are sent to your computer and managed exclusively by the _Xunta de Galicia_, which only obtains and keeps the information related to session and language data. These cookies are necessary for the correct functioning and visualization of the Form by the user.

Third-party analytical cookies: the Form uses cookies from the Google Analytics tool, which measures and statistically analyses the browsing of users on the website in order to improve the services offered by the Form. The information generated by the cookie is directly transmitted and stored by Google.

To ensure anonymity, Google makes your information anonymous by truncating the IP address before storing it. It also does not associate your truncated IP address with any other data held by Google, nor may it send the information collected by Google Analytics to third parties except where legally required to do so, in accordance with Google Analytics' terms and conditions of service.

If you wish to refuse permission for the statistical processing of data or information with Google Analytics, please click here.

We remind you that you must perform this action each time you change your browser or its settings, or if cookies are deleted, since the denial indicator is saved in a cookie.

<br>

## Data protection

The users of this portal have all the information related to the treatment of personal data carried out by the _Xunta de Galicia_ at their disposal, including the way in which they can exercise their rights, contact the data protection officers and other aspects according to the terms required by the European Regulation for personal data protection, on the following link: information on personal data protection.

<br>

## Use of languages

Article 13 of Law 39/2015, of 1 October, on the Common Administrative Procedure of Public Administrations, guarantees the exercise of the linguistic rights recognised in the legal system and, in particular, those referring to the use of Galician in the relations of citizens with the Galician Public Administration. The Form will provide access to its contents and services in Galician and Spanish for this.

<br>

## Applicable law and jurisdiction

Spanish legislation will be applied to any litigious issue or one that concerns the Form, and the Courts and Tribunals of the city of Santiago de Compostela will be competent for the resolution of all conflicts arising from or related to the use of this Form.
